[tests][scripts][release] Optimize release note script about categories etc (#14653)
apache/tvm: tests/scripts/release/README.md

python release/gather_prs.py --from-commit $(git rev-parse v0.9.0) --to-commit $(git merge-base origin/main v0.8.0)
```

> After commands above, you will get a csv file named `out_pr_gathered.csv`. You can then import this CSV into a collaborative spreadsheet editor to distribute the work of categorizing PRs for the notes, **espeicially check the `pr_title_tags` column for each row and correct it if wrong**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running the commands above, you will get a csv file named `out_pr_gathered.csv`. You can then import this CSV into a collaborative spreadsheet editor to distribute the work of categorizing PRs for the notes, **especially check the `pr_title_tags` column for each row and correct it if it's wrong**.
```
